.
- [growling]
- [grunts]
- Sam!
- Have you seen a man,
mid-20s, 6 foot, brown hair?
- Is he dangerous?
- Is that heroin?
Who do you think
this belongs to?
Do you want them
to know we found it?
- I've been looking for you.
- Stay away from me.
- Who is he?
- He's my son.
- Wait!
Can you give me
the gun, please?
- We've been trying to get
the go-ahead
to launch a rescue mission,
but we couldn't until now.
- Well, what changed?
- You.
- Mom!
- Izzy!
Run!
- Mom!
- [breathing shakily]
Hey, hey.
Your temperature broke.
How you feeling?
- Could be worse.
- Yeah. Can you get up?
Here. Yeah?
- Yeah.
How's Sam doing?
- Uh, let me check.
Why don't you get up
and stretch your legs?
[sighs]
- What do you want?
- Just want to check
on how he's doing.
- Let's see.
He fell down a hill,
and then you left him to die.
So I'd say not great.
- I'm sorry about
what happened.
- I get it.
You chose Josh over him.
And I'd choose my dad
over you any day.
So it's all good.
- I'm gonna go
get some food.
I can bring you something back
if you'd like.
- I mean, I won't stop you.
- Next.
- I'm starving.
- Here you go.
Next.
- Seriously?
Who put her in charge?
- Thank you.
- What the hell are they doing?
- Next.
Keep it moving.
- Hey. What's going on?
- The traffic cop decided
to gather what food was left
and start rationing it.
- I've heard worse ideas.
- You didn't get the pickle
and onion tortilla chips.
- What's the matter?
Don't you have some
protein bars hidden somewhere?
- You know, if you--
- You know what?
Why don't you go enjoy
your breakfast somewhere else?
- I know it's only been
a couple of days,
but I'm pretty sure
we're gonna be good friends.
- [scoffs]
- [grunts]
- Give me back
the damn Baby Ruth.
- Not gonna happen.
- Hey, hey, come on.
Let's just calm down, okay?
You've got yours.
Now give it back
and move along.
- Come on, man.
I've been on a juice cleanse
for the past month.
I need more food than this.
- Okay, well, there's not
much food left as it is.
You saying
you're more important
than everyone else here?
- Look, I don't give a damn
who gets what,
but if I don't get something to
eat in the next five seconds,
I'm not gonna be
so nice about it.
- Okay, fine.
Here's your damn candy bar.
Happy now?
- [growling]
[people murmuring nervously]
[tense music]
* *
- Go, go, go, go, go!
Run, run, run, run!
* *
- Josh!
Josh, what's going on?
- [munching]
* *
- I guess no one's getting
that Baby Ruth now.
[dramatic music]
* *
[engines roaring]
[indistinct chatter]
* *
- Dr. Nathan.
- Gavin.
- I appreciate you having me.
- You're an important part
of this mission.
My team's creating a map
of what we think Los Angeles
looked like in 10,000 B.C.
I want you to tell them
everything you know
about that place.
Help them figure out
where the survivors are.
- Of course.
- We'll fly there and back
as many times as possible.
Leave no one behind.
- Who's the pilot?
- We're vetting a short list
of candidates as we speak.
- If that's the case, I'd like
to throw my hat in the ring.
You need someone who's flown
experimental prototypes.
You're not gonna find
anyone more qualified.
- You're not in the air force
anymore, Gavin.
It took a lot of convincing
to get this mission approved.
I'm sorry this is
the way it has to be.
- There is someone I know.
We haven't spoken in a while,
but there's no pilot
I trust more.
Guarantee he's one of
the people you're considering.
- What's his name?
- Levi Delgado.
We went
to flight school together.
He was one
of my closest friends.
He's been overseas
about a year,
running operations at Ramstein.
But I hear he transferred
back stateside to Vandenburg.
- Yeah, you're right.
He's on our list.
Let me make the call.
* *
- There's nothing.
It's all gone.
- What the hell was that thing?
- That thing?
That thing is called
a giant ground sloth.
It is one
of the largest mammals
to ever roam North America.
Or should I say was.
- Was?
- He's saying it's extinct.
- If that thing's extinct,
then what the hell
is it doing here?
- What the hell's
it doing here?
This is its home.
[sighs]
Okay, I know
this might be difficult
for some of you
to comprehend,
but I think when we fell
through that sinkhole,
we ended up sometime
around 10,000 B.C.
Or BCE
for the non-Christians.
- Dude, what are you
talking about?
- Obviously the introduction
of time travel
is a lot to take in.
- Come on.
You people aren't
actually listening
to this insanity, are you?
- I think Scott's right.
- You do?
- No, I know how it sounds,
but...
we saw a saber-toothed tiger
in the forest.
And those hills we saw?
They look identical
to the Hollywood Hills.
I think we're still in LA.
- LA? No way.
- We're just somehow--
We're somehow in the past.
And that is what
brought us here.
We all fell through
the same light.
- But if that's true, how are
we gonna get back home?
- Not sitting around here
talking about crazy theories.
- Well, how do you explain
all of this?
- I don't have to.
Y'all want to stay here?
Be my guest.
But I'm gonna find someone who
actually knows where we are
and I'm getting the hell
out of here.
- Look, we all have people
we want to get back to.
And we're gonna try
and find a way.
But nothing's gonna happen
if we starve to death.
- She's right.
That thing ate all our food.
What are you thinking, Eve?
- [sighs]
We need to hunt.
* *
.
[intriguing music]
* *
- Captain Delgado,
we're approaching the hanger.
* *
- Uncle Levi.
- Hey, Izzy.
You look like
you're doing better.
How's physical therapy going?
- Mm, definitely not fun.
- Hey, if anybody can get
through this, it's you.
- Hey, Levi.
- I just came to talk to Gavin.
- He's out back.
[solemn music]
- Hey, man.
- I just wanted you to hear it
from me first.
They're transferring me
to Ramstein.
I hate leaving.
Especially
with Izzy still recovering.
- Orders are orders.
Sure, we'll be all right.
- You said you've been talking
about seeing that place again.
When are you gonna
give this up, Gavin?
Come back to reality.
- You and Eve been talking
about me behind my back.
Is that it?
- Look, man.
She is scared.
We both just want
what's best for you.
You don't pull
yourself together,
you're gonna lose
your family.
- Don't you think I know that?
These things I see have taken
everything from me.
I can't fly anymore.
So save your advice,
'cause it's not gonna help.
Good luck in Germany.
* *
- Levi, it's been a long time.
- I'm so sorry
about Eve and Josh.
They briefed me
on the way over.
Said that you were
gonna be able
to help locate the survivors?
- That's right.
- So...
that place that you've
been seeing all these years--
- It's real.
- I've been trying to wrap
my head around it all morning.
- Yeah.
- Captain Delgado.
I'm Dr. Sophia Nathan.
I'm running point
on the mission.
- It's nice to meet you.
Let's get to it.
* *
- Hey, can I ask you
a question?
You, uh, said you were
an office manager, right?
- That's right.
- Building rabbit snares
out of twigs
part of the job description?
- No, not exactly.
- Go on, then.
- I grew up on a farm
in Montana.
So hunting and fishing
and, you know, riding horses,
it was just a way
of life for us.
That and my dad
really wanted a boy.
- [chuckles]
You ever get back there?
- Actually, I had a trip
planned with Izzy.
Kind of
a mother-daughter thing.
But, um--
- But what?
- But it never happened...
'cause of the accident.
After that...
Everything changed.
I-I changed.
Guess guilt will do that
to you.
- Eve...
what happened
to your daughter...
it's not your fault.
You said it yourself.
You were running late at work.
Your neighbor picked her up--
- It should've been me
driving the car.
- Who's to say it would've gone
any differently?
- You know, I've told you
a lot about myself,
and I--I barely know
anything about you.
- Tell you what.
If we're gonna find
any rabbits,
we should probably be quiet.
* *
- Hey.
- The hell do you want?
- You shouldn't be alone
in these woods.
- Look at you.
Mother of the year.
- I know you're angry.
- Angry?
That's maybe the nicest way
you could put it.
- Lucas, what happened
between me and your father--
- Don't.
- Look, you want to die
in these woods?
Fine.
But I guarantee,
we stick together,
we got a better shot
of surviving.
So why don't you just tell me
what you came out here
looking for?
[dramatic music]
Just answer the question.
Doesn't mean
we're best friends.
* *
What the hell?
- Found it yesterday.
Tiger had fallen in.
Whoever built it
obviously came back,
took the tiger out, reset it.
- So you figured you could
track them and get answers
to where we are
and how to get home?
- Something like that.
- Or maybe there's
a shelter around here.
Or whatever they have
in 10,000 B.C.
- You really believe
that's where we are?
- I don't know.
What do you say
we look together?
- [sighs]
- I'll take that as a yes.
- Well, Dad, that giant
ground thing ate all our food.
So, you know, morning's off
to a great start.
Dad? What's wrong?
- There's something
I need to tell you.
- Okay,
you're kind of freaking me out.
- I can't feel my legs.
- What are you talking about?
Last night, you said
it was just a bruise.
- It started out that way,
but it swelled overnight.
The excess fluid
must be putting pressure
on my spinal cord.
- But that's only temporary,
right?
I mean,
the swelling will go down.
- Only if it's drained.
- Okay, so--so what are we
supposed to do?
- Not we. You.
- What?
- You need to drain the fluid.
- No, Dad.
- Listen, listen.
Eve brought back medical
supplies from the ambulance.
Everything you need
is in there.
- Dad, I'm not a doctor.
I'm not even premed.
Remember? I dropped out.
- It's a simple procedure.
I'll guide you step by step.
- No, this is crazy.
- There's no one else here
who can do it.
It needs to be relieved
in the next few hours,
or I may never walk again.
* *
.
[animals chittering]
[trap snaps]
- You got it.
[chuckles]
- One down.
Now all we need is, like,
ten more to feed everyone.
Aw.
- Good job.
- Hate to have to kill it.
But we gotta eat, right?
[tense music]
Ty?
- Bear.
- [growling]
- What now?
- Don't run.
- [snorting]
- Hey, little guy.
Go, go, go, go, okay.
- [growls]
- Now run.
* *
- [roaring]
- Eve!
Eve, this way! This way!
Come on.
Look, there's a cave.
- [roaring]
* *
- He's coming.
He's coming!
* *
- [grunts] Jesus.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Is this, like,
a medical emergency situation?
- I--I'm good, it's just,
that guy over there,
he's totally eating grass.
- Oh, technically grass is
kind of like a salad, so--
That's just disgusting.
- Hey, you really think
we're in the past?
I mean, that's crazy, right?
- Doesn't mean it's not true.
- Hey, hey, guys.
I need your help.
- What's up?
- Basically, if I don't drain
my dad's back right away,
he'll be paralyzed.
- Wow, that's a lot to take in.
- Yeah, so I need
an anesthetic,
something to numb the pain,
like alcohol.
- Sure, I'll just pop over
to my local BevMo.
- We'll search the cars.
We'll find something.
- Thank you.
Just hurry. Please.
- Now you're really setting
her up for disappointment.
If there was booze lying
around, I would've found it.
- She took care of me
when I was hurt.
Just think.
There has to be something
we can use.
- Hold on. I may have an idea.
- [grunting]
It's useless.
- All right,
we gotta find
another way out of here.
Someone's coming.
* *
- Hello?
- Marybeth?
Lucas.
- What are you guys doing here?
- There's a sabertooth trap
nearby.
We were looking for whoever
built it, but no luck.
- A bear chased us in here.
Cave entrance collapsed in.
It's the only reason
we survived.
- What?
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
That's our only way out.
- No. No, there's gotta be
another way out of here.
- Well, there was a split
in the cave.
We went to the right.
It was a dead end.
Maybe we can get out
the other way.
- Or it's just
another dead end.
- We can't stand here
and do nothing.
- Oh, did I say we should?
- Looks like we're going
the other way.
Just like your mum says.
- How do you know she's my mom?
- No one argues
like family, mate.
* *
- Hey, Riley. Check this out.
- There's no alcohol,
but there is this.
- Ta-da.
* *
- Are you kidding me right now?
- What is that?
- This is the heroin we found.
- Heroin?
- There's a drug dealer
down here.
Apparently we've got
a pretty eclectic group.
- I literally want
to kill you two.
- I get the instinct,
but I've read somewhere
that heroin used to be
prescribed as pain medication.
- Where'd you read that,
"High Times"?
- Riley, he's right.
Heroin's an opiate.
It's made from morphine.
- But you have to walk me
through the procedure.
How do you plan to do that
when you're high?
- You're not gonna give me
a full dose.
Just enough to dull the pain.
Listen to me.
I'm gonna be fine.
I'll be with you
every step of the way.
Now, you ready to do this?
* *
.
- This is a map
of Pleistocene-era Los Angeles.
Based on what you've seen,
where can we find
our survivors?
- They're here,
in this large clearing.
- And you've seen them there?
- I did.
This is where
I found Eve's ring.
Off Mulholland.
I also saw her
walking by a river.
There's one in that area.
- What's now the LA River.
In between those two points,
there is only
one large clearing.
The terrain was mostly
dense forest and wetlands.
- Any idea where
I can touch down?
- Based on the topography,
there should be
a small strip of land
about a mile north
of the clearing.
- So?
[dramatic music]
* *
- Set a flight plan.
We'll meet back here
in an hour and review.
- Okay, let's go.
- Set up tracking coordinates.
- If you can,
I'm gonna need everything--
elevation,
estimated wind speeds,
anything you think
you might be able to predict.
- Yes, sir.
- [exhales heavily]
[indistinct chatter]
- I don't know what to say.
- You don't need
to say anything.
I'm just glad you're here.
If it's not me flying
that plane down there,
had to be you.
[cell phone buzzes]
- It's Izzy.
She wanted to see you
before you flew out.
[laughs] Come on.
- I cannot believe
you're old enough to drive.
- Plus, they gave me
handicap plates,
which means I can park
pretty much wherever I want.
Thing's worth
its weight in gold.
- [laughs] Congratulations.
You know,
she gets this from you.
- Yeah. Well, this is why
you shouldn't've left town.
She needs better role models.
Hey.
You Okay?
- I'm so nervous,
I feel like I could puke.
- Don't worry.
I'll be there and back
before you know it.
- You have to.
Who else is gonna be
my tour guide in Berlin?
- I'd be happy to do it.
- Mom said it was one of her
favorite places she ever went.
- It's an incredible city.
You'd love it.
It's part of the reason
I chose to go there.
* *
Anyway, we should get back.
- Have the drugs kicked in yet?
- I'm not feeling any pain.
- Okay, that's good, I guess.
So then what's first?
- Just like I said.
Move your finger down the spine
of my lower back.
- Okay, I got it.
- And press down.
That's where
the lumbar meets the--
- The sacrum.
- I think we may have
given him too much.
- No, no, I'm fine.
That's where you're
going to insert the needle.
Once you feel it pop,
attach the syringe.
Draw six ccs.
- Okay,
I'm gonna insert it now.
- Remember...
You have to push
through the muscle.
Once you do--
- Once I do, what, Dad?
Once I do, what?
Dad?
- Uh-oh.
- Dad? Oh, my God, Dad!
- [wincing]
- You know,
we've been walking awhile.
Maybe we should take a break.
- Thanks.
Hey, shh, shh.
Can you hear that?
[water trickling]
* *
- It's a dead end.
- So we keep
searching the cave.
- We already
went the other way.
We've searched everywhere.
- I'm not dying in this cave.
I'm gonna find a way out.
- And how do you suppose
we do that?
- It's not a dead end.
There's algae.
Algae needs sunlight to grow,
which means it came
from somewhere else,
somewhere where there's light.
- You think there's a way out
underneath the water?
- There's only one way
to find out.
- Ty.
We have no idea
what's in that water,
much less
if it leads anywhere.
No.
That's--it's too dangerous.
- So we're staying here?
- Eve, he's right.
We gotta try.
- No, there has to be
another way.
[water splashes]
- Ty!
- Ty?
I don't see him.
- Ty! Come on, Ty!
- Ty! Ty!
.
- Maybe we should go after him.
- Maybe he found
the other side.
- Or maybe not.
- Oh, come on, Ty.
[tense music]
* *
Come on.
[water splashes]
Ty!
Ty, you okay?
- Yeah.
There's a way out
on the other side of the cave.
- [sighs]
[dramatic music]
* *
But, guys, there's
something else you gotta see.
* *
- Everything okay?
- Yeah.
Just, um,
preflight planning.
- [sighs]
- What's up?
- Look, we both know
how these missions can go.
I don't want to leave
anything unsaid.
Why did you leave for Germany?
- I was transferred.
- You're not telling me
the truth.
You just told Izzy
you chose to go there.
- Gavin, just let it go--
- Levi, look at me
and tell me I'm wrong.
* *
Why'd you leave?
- I left because
I couldn't handle it.
- Couldn't handle what?
- You and Eve.
* *
You have to understand.
Eve was scared.
And you were drinking
all the time.
Talking about some place.
We didn't know it was real.
- Do you still love her?
* *
- Gavin, I'm sorry.
- Dad? Dad. Dad!
Dad, please wake up.
- Yeah, I don't think
that's working.
- No more talking.
- Dad.
I don't know what to do.
Not without him
walking me through it.
- He already did.
Just remember what he said.
Once you feel a pop,
attach the syringe.
Draw six ccs.
- Okay.
- Hey, you can do this.
- I'm not sure that I can.
- Close your eyes.
Take a deep breath.
- [breathes deeply]
- That help?
* *
- There's no fluid.
Nothing's happening.
Maybe I didn't get it in
far enough?
I just--I don't--I don't know.
I don't know.
- Just keep going.
- Okay.
* *
All right, that's six ccs.
- I think you did it, Riley.
- Is it okay to talk now?
- Now I just need him
to wake up.
See if he can feel his legs.
* *
- You good?
- Yeah.
- This way.
* *
[ominous music]
- Oh, damn.
* *
- What the hell?
- He was living in this cave.
- Kelso Valley College,
Mojave, California.
How did he get here?
- Don't know.
But by these markings,
looks like he was here
at least a few years.
- Till he gave up,
blew his brains out.
He was here all that time.
He never found a way home.
And neither will we.
* *
.
- Please wake up, Dad.
Please, oh, God.
Please, please.
[dramatic music]
- Riley.
- Dad?
Dad.
Hey, hey, let's get you up.
Here.
* *
Can you feel anything?
- I don't know.
- Okay.
Well, um,
try to move your toes.
- [grunts]
I can't.
- Try harder. Come on.
- [grunts]
- Come on, Dad.
Keep trying.
Come on.
* *
They're moving.
Oh, they're moving.
- I'm proud of you.
- Thanks.
But I've had about
eight heart attacks today,
so let's never
do that again, okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
* *
- We can't tell anyone
what we found in that cave.
Right now,
people still have hope.
We take that away,
it's a dangerous thing.
- Even if we keep this quiet,
people are gonna lose hope
pretty quickly
when they're starving to death.
- No one's gonna starve
to death.
That guy in the cave,
he lived here for a while.
He obviously found food.
- Eve? Where are you going?
- Look.
Look at this.
Mushrooms.
- Uh-uh. Hell no.
I'm not eating those.
They're probably poisonous.
- No, they're not. Trust me.
They were everywhere
where I grew up.
They're called
chicken of the woods.
They're--they're better
when they're cooked.
* *
- Okay,
I'm officially starving.
- Join the club.
- Do you remember
that movie "Alive"?
The one about the soccer team
that crashed in the Andes
and everyone ate each other?
Just wondering how long
it'll take us to get there,
'cause they went
to cannibalism
a lot sooner
than you think.
- Remember
that no-talking thing?
Let's try that again.
- Josh.
- Mom.
Where have you been?
Why are you all wet?
- It's a long story.
You okay?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Better.
- Okay.
- Any luck finding food?
- Well, not with hunting,
but...
we did find these.
- Eve really came through
for everyone.
- Amazing. I was thinking
about going vegan anyway.
- And there's plenty
for everyone.
- Guess you didn't find
anyone else out there, huh?
* *
- No. Not a soul.
- Good luck.
* *
- Can you give us a minute?
Gavin--
- Levi.
Right now, all that matters
is the mission.
When you find Eve,
I need you to give her this.
* *
You bring my family home.
- You got my word.
* *
- What do you want?
- Um, listen.
About your father--
- I don't want to talk
about him.
- I need you to know.
What I did,
I didn't have a choice.
- You pulled the trigger.
You had a choice.
- I didn't want it
to go that way,
and I'm not gonna stand here
and apologize for it.
- No.
No, you wouldn't, would you?
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want anything
to do with you.
You're on your own.
* *
- [sighs]
- Hey.
I don't know
if I would've gotten
through today without you.
- Oh, something tells me
you'd have worked out a way.
Eve?
Listen, I owe you
an explanation
about what I've
been going through...
And why I have the gun,
everything.
I have a brain tumor, Eve.
It's terminal.
- Oh, Ty.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
- Since I was diagnosed,
I just--
I felt like
I lost my purpose.
I quit my practice,
pushed my wife away.
I just wanted it all
to be over, but...
I don't want to end up
like that man in the cave.
So I--
Would you mind
holding on to this for me?
- Sure.
- You know, you have a choice
to make too, Eve.
Guilt is too tough a thing
to carry around.
You can let it go.
- Yeah, it's just
not that easy.
- Why not?
- The day of the accident,
I wasn't working late.
* *
I was with someone.
- I understand.
But that had nothing to do
with what happened.
It may be hard to believe
because that's what you've been
telling yourself all this time,
but it's the truth.
I know you're not
asking for it, but my advice?
Move forward.
Because this guilt...
it's not doing you any good.
- [sighs]
* *
[engine roaring]
- I'm 2,000 feet over La Brea.
Initiating descent.
* *
Okay,
I'm entering the sinkhole.
* *
Stabilizers engaged.
[machines beeping]
Getting some unusual
readings here.
- What are you seeing, Captain?
[radio signal breaking up]
Say again.
We've got interference.
[alarms beeping]
[radio sputtering]
- Losing control--
Losing control of engine one.
Repeat--
- Levi? Come in.
- Control--engine one.
Come in. Do you copy?
[radio signal breaking up]
Levi, what's going on?
- Switching to manual.
I can't get control.
- Captain Delgado?
Are you there?
- Right engine on fire.
I repeat.
Right engine on fire.
Going down!
- Levi!
Levi, do you copy?
* *
- We've lost him.
["Lovely"
by Billie Eilish with Khalid]
* *
- * Thought I found a way *
* Thought I found a way out *
- * Found *
- * But you never go away *
- * Never go away *
both: * So I guess
I gotta stay now *
* Oh, I hope someday *
* I'll make it out of here *
* Even if it takes all night *
* Or 100 years *
* Need a place to hide *
* But I can't find one near *
* Wanna feel alive *
* Outside,
I can't fight my fear *
* *
- * Isn't it lovely? *
* All alone,
heart made of glass *
* My mind of stone *
both: * Tear me to pieces *
* Skin to bone *
* Hello, welcome home *
- [growling]
[dramatic music]
* *